Updating ReadMEs for Jaeger, Zipkin, OTLP exporters (#1591)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet: src/OpenTelemetry.Exporter.Zipkin/README.md

   sending to Zipkin (default false).
* `MaxPayloadSizeInBytes`: Maximum payload size - for .NET versions
   **other** than 4.5.2 (default 4096).
* `ExportProcessorType`: Whether the exporter should use

>   [Batch or Simple base exporter](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification/blob/master/specification/trace/sdk.md#built-in-span-processors)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  [Batch or Simple exporting processor](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification/blob/master/specification/trace/sdk.md#built-in-span-processors)
```

Reviewer: same for other readme as well.
